>> Kadi Kraman: All right, so now we have
our image, so we can pick an image from
the file system and choose it and
it will get displayed here.
We also want to save it
along with the plant data.
>> Kadi Kraman: So in order to do that,
remember that this plant is in our cache,
so it's in our device cache.
So we can't just store the URI
to where it's located because it
might not be located there in the future.
So what we want to do is we want to make a
copy of that file into our device storage.
So we know it will be there
until our app is deleted.
So for this, we're going to use
a library called expo-file-system.
So this allows you to basically,
it's a utility that lets you
easily download files, but
also move files and
read files from your device file system.
>> Kadi Kraman: So let's,
>> Kadi Kraman: Npx expo install
expo-file-system,
>> Kadi Kraman: And
start the bundle again.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so
now we would like to pass our plant URI
into our addPlant function.
>> Kadi Kraman: So imageUri.
So this actually annoys me a little bit,
this is a little bit of a caveat.
But I tend to follow a rule
that if a function has more
than two arguments,
I convert this into an object.
Because otherwise, you need to remember
to pass these in the right order.
So I would do, yeah, name,
I make this into an object.
In this case, I'm not going to do it
because it's not important to the course,
but just FYI, it annoys me and
I wouldn't do it in a real app.
So in our plantsStore,
where we have addPlant,
so we have a third argument,
which is the imageUri,
which is an optional string.
>> Kadi Kraman: And this is another thing,
I'm not sure if I'm maybe misusing as
a stand, but I find it a little bit
annoying that with TypeScript I
actually have to type this into places.
But sail away.
So we have the imageUri,
which is an optional string.
Okay, so here,
where we are adding the plant.
So the image you are actually,
let me just console.log here what
the imageUri is going to be.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so
if I do this, and then let's do Test.
>> Kadi Kraman: Good thing
I've got form validation.
All right, so
this is what the URI looks like.
So it is a file, it's a bigger path for
me cuz I'm gonna simulate it and
it is a JPEG.
But this file could be a PNG or
all sorts of other file formats.
And I don't want to handle
what file format it is.
So what I'm doing here is I am just
picking the last bit of the file path,
which will be the file name,
including probably the extension.
And I'm going to use this
in my copied file path, and
then I don't care what the file type is.
This is basically what I'm doing here.
So we'll do const savedImageUri.
So this will be the location where
we're going to save this file to.
For this, we need to import
star as FileSystem from
expo-file-system.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
we'll do FileSystem.documentDirectory.
>> Kadi Kraman: Right, and
then what we're going to add here,
I wanted to add a timestamp just
to make sure that this is unique.
So let's do a new Date.getTime.
>> Kadi Kraman: And then dash.
>> Kadi Kraman: And this is where I'm
going to do our magic of getting the last
bit of the imageUri.
So I'll do imageUri and we'll do a split.
>> Kadi Kraman: We'll
split it by the slash,
and slice,
>> Kadi Kraman: -1 and
take the only item there.
So this should work,
I haven't tested this on every device, but
that is the intent and
hopefully it does work.
So now,
remember this imageUri is optional.
So we'll do if there was an imageUri,
then we're going to copy it to
the saved imageUri location.
So we'll do await FileSystem copyAsync.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
we will copy it from the imageUri,
>> Kadi Kraman: And to the saved imageUri.
Now, this is unhappy because it's not
an async function, so let's make it async.
There we go.
>> Kadi Kraman: And finally,
we want to save this imageUri
as part of our plant data.
So in plants, we're adding a new plant,
we'll do imageUri.
If there was an imageURI, so
this is an optional field.
Then this will be the savedImageUri,
otherwise, let's default to undefined.
>> Kadi Kraman: And lastly,
>> Kadi Kraman: Where
we're rendering these, so
this will be on the homepage.
So where we have our FlatList,
our PlantCard.
>> Kadi Kraman: Yeah, so
this gets the whole plant, yeah.
So if you go into the PlantCard,
so this has the PlantlyImage.
And now, recall that this PlantType may
include the, need to update this as well.
So PlantType, yeah.
Yeah, the types on here aren't
working as well as expected.
So apologies,
there is a missing field here.
So in this array, so when we're adding
a plant, we have an imageUri, so
we're adding a new field to our plants.
At the top here, we have our PlantType.
Let's do the imageUri,
which is an optional string.
>> Kadi Kraman: And in our PlantCard,
now when we hover over it,
this is an optional string and
we can pass it into our PlantlyImage.
So imageUri = plant.imageUri.
So this option, it was still default
to our little placeholder image.
>> Kadi Kraman: So
now when I add any plant, running out of
plant names, Sophie The Spider Plant.
>> Kadi Kraman: And well,
actually, this is a yellow leaf,
this is definitely not a spider plant.
But let's save this.
There we go.
So now when I reload my app,
I'm expecting it to still exist here.
>> Speaker 2: Notice that
addPlant was turned to a promise.
Is that a Zustand thing or
was that part of the image async for the-
>> Kadi Kraman: It looks
like Zustand supports
asynchronous functions.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so you need
to change it to-
>> Kadi Kraman: Yeah, I needed to change
it to asynchronous, because the process of
copying the file over was asynchronous,
so in order to await it.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, sure but I was curious
in that if you scroll up to the type all
the way up to the addPlant.
>> Kadi Kraman: I see.
>> Speaker 2: So you avoid as addPlant is
the return value?
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so technically,
this is a promise, good.
>> Speaker 2: And I was curious if
that was because of the async or
is that because of
the FileSystem saving it?
I guess why it was a promise.
Looks like it's just returning
an object in the function in the set.
>> Speaker 2: It might be beyond the scope
of the course, so I was just curious.
That was an easy answer to that.
>> Kadi Kraman: Is this in the addPLant?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Kadi Kraman: I see what you mean, okay.
>> Speaker 2: You're awaiting it, but
you're not returning it,
you're trying to set, yeah.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, I see what you mean.
I would say that it is a Zustand thing.
So I haven't used Zustand a huge amount-
>> Speaker 2: Sure.
>> Kadi Kraman: So I might be doing
something a little bit incorrectly.
I wanted to just use the state
management library, and
I don't mind which one you use.
So I'm not claiming to
be an expert in Zustand.
So some of this stuff that I'm
doing might not be totally correct.
But I think you don't
actually need to return this,
I think this is actually a mistake.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz if you remove the types,
it implicitly tells you
that addPlant is a promise.
So you got it right, I just didn't know, I
was trying to figure out why, interesting.
>> Kadi Kraman: Yeah,
actually adding this returns here.
I don't think they do anything.
Yeah, this returns void,
so it returns nothing.
So by returning this,
I'm returning nothing.
So actually, if I hover over it,
you can see the type.
So it is a function that return void,
which is nothing.
So this is totally redundant, actually,
which was a good spot, but I'm going to-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Kadi Kraman: Yeah,
they don't make a difference.
But this was correct, so it is technically
a promise from their usage side.